Downloaded From AnimeArcadia.lk
[helicopter whirring]
[White Rabbit] Bloodstryke,
you're still alive.
Good.
I have use of you.
[chilling music intensifies]
[music halts]
[wet spattering]
[gnashing, chomping]
[eerie, distressing music playing]
[sharp cry]
[groans]
[overwhelming metal music pounding]
[wet, discomforting gurgling]
[White Rabbit snarling]
["Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)"
by Limp Bizkit playing]
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in, now move out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in, now breathe out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin', rollin'
Rollin', rollin' ♪
♪ Hey, ladies, hey, fellas ♪
♪ And the people that don't give a **** ♪
♪ All the lovers, all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people
That call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas, pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey, rockers, hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all around the world ♪
♪ Move in, now move out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in, now breathe out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'
Rollin', rollin', rollin' ♪
[song trails off]
[groaning]
Do you always do this after your missions?
Usually when I kill a demon, I just…
I don't know, leave them there.
I know. How do you think all those bodies
stay hidden from the public?
Huh.
[soldier] Jesus.
What are we doing here, sir?
Lay the bodies face up, weapons in hand.
We need to have the media's
front page photo waiting for them.
So, what are you
planning to do with that amulet?
Carry it around in your pocket?
That depends
on whether you're gonna try to take it.
I'm not.
You're gonna give it to me.
Aren't we past all this?
We fought an army together, sorta.
I saved your life three times.
-Twice.
-Two and a half.
The White Rabbit won't be
the last to come after that.
You really think you can protect it?
I'm the only one that can protect it.
Who else do you trust with it? That guy?
Yes. Baines is willing to do
what's necessary to protect this realm.
Seems to me
like he hasn't actually done anything.
Besides giving orders that ended
with a whole lot of you dead.
Which he doesn't look too torn up about.
You don't know him.
He's hard because he has to be.
But he cares about…
his people.
Mr. Vice President, sir. Not to ask
questions above my pay grade here,
but what are these things?
What did this to them?
What they are
will be revealed soon enough.
As for what did this…
She did.
[soldier] That girl?
[Baines] More of a trained attack dog.
Brimming with anger and violence
that serve their purpose.
Though sometimes
she must be brought to heel.
[peculiar, mysterious synth music playing]
If you don't want to
give me that amulet, fine.
I say one word,
and the soldiers you're surrounded by
blow your brains right through
that fucking haircut.
Yeah, because it worked so well
the last time you sent 50 guys at me.
Then I'll do it myself.
[Enzo chortling suggestively]
I'm feeling it between you two.
Do I sense a former prisoner-captor
romance vibe happening here?
[chuckles]
Out of the two prisoners,
I can't believe you went with him.
I kid, I kid.
[clears throat]
Listen, Dante.
If it's about a job,
my prices have tripled.
So you're still taking jobs from me?
Yeah, why not?
I can always count on you to sell me out
for the slightest bit of personal gain.
Hard to find someone that reliable.
That's great to hear.
I was talking to a few of these
government types on the ride over here
about a sweet demon-killing--
[Baines] Lieutenant Arkham.
Where is Sparda's sword?
The Rabbit took it with him
into the river, sir.
Failing to secure your objectives…
That disappointment I could accept.
But you have caused me
to doubt your devotion, Mary.
I know. My team was killed
because I led them into the Rabbit's trap.
-Whatever reprimand you deem fit--
-This isn't about your team.
They served the purpose God intended.
Our fight is for humanity's souls.
Every vessel is expendable.
The amulet.
Tell me you at least secured that.
[distressing music warbles]
The Rabbit took the amulet with him too.
If you guys could drop it by my place
when you find it, that'd be great.
You remember where.
Is that what happened?
I was poisoned. Paralyzed.
From my position, it was hard to see.
It doesn't matter.
The Lord will provide what we need.
We didn't go looking for this war,
but it's here.
You're running a whole paramilitary
operation to hunt and kill demons.
I think you looked for it pretty hard.
I told you, Dante, that you may have
a chance to earn your redemption.
This is your war too, by blood.
You need to choose a side.
I'm not much of a war guy.
Call when you piss off
an actually powerful demon
and make things even worse.
Sure it won't be too long.
All units, on target.
You can't have thought
that someone with your power
would be allowed to just walk free.
-Lieutenant, take the demon into custody.
-[Mary] Sir--
That was what an order sounds like.
[tense music escalating]
[distant boom]
[heavy footfalls thudding]
[menacing music playing]
[shocked clamoring]
Fire! Fire on the new target!
[gasps]
[gunfire in distance]
Holy macaroni! What is that thing?
Those tubes in his body!
Yeah, it's the Rabbit.
How?
Whatever the recommended dose is
for 'roiding yourself up with demon blood,
I think he just
drastically fucking exceeded it.
Hey! Down here!
[chuckles grimly]
Hey, Enzo,
that guy looks kind of dangerous.
You might want to get somewhere safe.
Ha, so reliable.
[rowdy rock music playing]
Where are those anti-demon bullets
you keep shooting me with?
These are anti-demon bullets.
His DNA must still be
too human to detonate them.
Or we haven't tried
shooting him enough yet.
Okay, it's a DNA thing!
[energy humming]
[rowdy rock music continuing]
[snarls]
It might take me
more than one punch to beat him now.
All his demon blood runs through
a valve from that thing on his chest.
We have to shoot the valve
and cut off the power supply.
Eh. Think the gun you gave me
was defective.
You're not getting another one.
[regulator burbling]
Lady!
[screaming]
How do you manage
to get even uglier each time I see you?
It's actually impressive.
Give me… the amulet!
[frenetic metal music playing]
Think, Enzo. Think!
[Dante] Not as easy as it looks, is it?
Turning into a demon.
I don't think your body
can take this for long.
It just needs to be long enough!
[Enzo] Hey!
Ugly rabbit freak!
[Dante gasps]
I've got your gateway to Hell right here!
[blade piercing flesh]
[grunts]
[regulator burbling steadily]
No!
Should have been hiding in a hole
like the vermin you are.
[Enzo moans]
[Dante sputtering]
[shakily] Enzo, why did you do that?
[chuckling raggedly]
You see?
[weakly] I told you
I would take a blade for you.
[delicate, distressing music playing]
Enzo…
[steely, raucous music building]
[energy crackling]
[chuckles slyly]
[frenetic electronic music pulsing]
[bracelet trills]
[bracelet drones]
[frenetic electronic music intensifying]
[White Rabbit] That's all I needed.
[helicopter whirring]
[screams]
[revving]
[Mary] Hellblood! Let's go!
[distorted whooshing]
[alarm trilling]
[helicopter alarm blaring]
[groaning, coughing]
[frenetic music subsiding]
[groaning weakly]
[White Rabbit chuckling grimly]
Finally…
The Sword of Sparda…
in its true form.
Look at it.
This spectacle of prosperity,
built on the misery of an unseen world.
It ends the moment I let this blade
touch the blood of Sparda's entire line.
[Dante laughing]
The entire line?
You need the blood of the entire line?
Why didn't you say that before?
We could have just skipped all of this.
See, that would mean you also need--
Blood from Vergil.
[White Rabbit cackling]
[Dante] How did you…
Vergil is…
[White Rabbit] Dead?
No, Dante.
Your other half is very much alive.
That's impossible.
I… I watched him die.
[sardonically] Oh, did you?
Tell me.
How does it feel
to be reunited with your brother?
[energy pulsing]
[maelstrom thrumming]
[dark, ominous music playing]
[civilians yelling]
[demon brays]
You see now the totality of your failure.
Watching your world end around you
as you die on your father's sword,
dipped in the blood
of the twin brother you abandoned.
[panicked screaming]
Motherfucker!
Chamber still works.
[steely, resolute music playing]
One shot.
[baby crying]
All that inherited power,
and it still wasn't enough to stop me!
[sharp cry]
[White Rabbit gagging]
Jackpot.
You shouldn't have told me about Vergil.
I have to live for him!
[dynamic, resolute music spiking]
[Dante bellowing]
[roaring]
[Dante and White Rabbit's screams melding]
[sonic boom crashing]
[White Rabbit] Hmm.
You believe you're on one side.
The right one.
But you're wrong.
Eventually, you'll realize
you are welcomed by no one.
An unlovable orphan.
[Dante seethes]
-[flesh rending]
-[Dante roars]
[gurgling]
[somber, mysterious music playing]
[demon growling]
[growling dissipates]
[mysterious synth music warbles]
[Dante panting]
[Mary] This time…
He's definitely fucking dead
this time… right?
Definitely.
Enzo?
He seemed like a good guy.
For a scumbag.
He was.
I think the Rabbit might have had a point.
Not about letting demons
ravage the world and kill everybody.
But the other stuff.
Well, at least the world's still here.
Don't sound too happy about it.
You know me. I'm always happy.
Right.
Your jokes are a weak-shit cover.
I've seen you in moments
when you think no one's looking.
Did you do demon psychoanalysis classes
at DARKCOM or something?
No.
I've just had to watch everyone
I've ever cared about die in front of me.
Me too.
Or maybe I didn't.
The Rabbit told me…
He said my brother is still alive.
You think it was true?
No idea.
Knowing there's even a chance,
I have to go out there to try to find him.
You, uh…
You could come with me if you want.
We could do an odd couple buddy cop thing.
Riggs and Murtaugh.
Tango and Cash.
-Dante and Lady.
-You know my name is Mary.
[Dante] Yeah. I like Lady better.
[Mary] Lady and Dante.
Not Dante and Lady.
Eh, we'll work on it.
[Dante grunts]
[uneasy, distressing music warbling]
I still have to bring you in.
Baines was right.
With what your blood can do,
it's too dangerous to have either you
or that sword out in the world.
I'm sorry.
[muffled explosion]
[sinister synth music building]
What now?
I presume this is
the White Rabbit's device.
The one that can detect
and hold open rifts between worlds.
A hunk of pieced-together scrap.
Mr. Vice President, sir. Good to see you.
After the amulet heist,
I knew there must be a leak.
My agents have had
the DARKCOM building under surveillance.
Every room, every call.
I didn't have a choice.
He was watching my daughters.
If I didn't do what he said,
he would have…
So, you agreed to help him
unleash Hell on Earth.
[disbelieving laugh]
You think Hell on Earth would be
that different from my life now?
I did what I had to do to protect my kids.
This world ain't ever
give a damn about us.
Even I, for much of my life,
could not comprehend his true plan.
God has never asked us to sit idly by
and await his kingdom on Earth,
but to build it ourselves.
This device, what did the Rabbit
want you to do with it?
He told me…
He told me to destroy it.
He wanted to keep his tech
out of human hands,
so we couldn't use it against them.
Then the Devil is
as clever as his reputation.
We are going to use it, Anders.
To wage the final war against Hell itself.
[Anders laughs in disbelief]
You really are out of your goddamn mind.
You think you can win a war with Hell?
My faith in the Lord is absolute.
I fell from an aircraft with nothing,
and still, he saved me.
Let's see if the Devil
does the same for you.
[screaming]
[unearthly quavering]
Scramble the jets on my position.
Operation Inferno has started.
["American Idiot" by Green Day playing]
[rollicking pop-punk music playing]
♪ Don't wanna be an American idiot ♪
♪ Don't want a nation
Under the new media ♪
♪ And can you hear the sound of hysteria ♪
♪ The subliminal mindfuck America ♪
♪ Welcome to a new kind of tension ♪
♪ All across the alienation ♪
♪ Where everything isn't
Meant to be okay ♪
♪ Television dreams of tomorrow ♪
♪ We're not the ones
Who're meant to follow ♪
♪ For that's enough to argue ♪
♪ Now everybody do the propaganda ♪
♪ And sing along to the age of paranoia ♪
[president] My fellow Americans.
What I am about to tell you
is going to sound shocking.
Even unbelievable.
But as your president,
it is my duty
not to conceal these hard truths,
but to lay them before you
so we may confront them
together as a nation.
The truth is,
Hell is real.
Demons are real.
[song halts]
[foreboding music droning]
[distant explosion]
-[klaxon wailing]
-[bursts of gunfire]
-[guard yells]
-[blade rasping]
[guards screaming in panic]
[knight] Our King Mundus
grants you your freedom.
Show him gratitude.
It was Mundus who freed me
from my own bondage.
[power rushing]
The sapiens and their armies
aren't aware of the storm they ride into.
I am that storm.
-["Bury the Light" playing]
-♪ I am the storm that is approaching ♪
♪ Provoking ♪
♪ Black clouds in isolation ♪
♪ I am reclaimer of my name ♪
♪ Born in flames ♪
♪ I have been blessed ♪
♪ My family crest is a demon of death ♪
[dark, brooding goth metal playing]
♪ Beyond the tree ♪
♪ Fire burns ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN CONROY
(1955-2022)
♪ Secret love ♪
♪ Bloodline yearns ♪